God loves you and has a wonderful plan for your life.

    John 3:16: "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."

    Porque Deus amou o mundo tanto, que deu o seu único Filho, para que todo aquele que nele crer não morra, mas tenha a vida eterna

    Jeremiah 29:11: "For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the LORD, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future."

    Só eu conheço os planos que tenho para vocês: prosperidade e não desgraça e um futuro cheio de esperança. Sou eu, o Senhor, quem está falando. 

Man is sinful and separated from God, so we cannot know Him personally or experience His love.

    Romans 3:23: "For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God."

    Todos pecaram e estão afastados da presença gloriosa de Deus.

    Isaiah 59:2: "But your iniquities have separated you from your God; your sins have hidden his face from you, so that he will not hear."

    Pois são os pecados de vocês que os separam do seu Deus, são as suas maldades que fazem com que ele se esconda de vocês e não atenda as suas orações.

Jesus Christ is God's only provision for man's sin. Through Him alone we can know God personally and experience God's love.

    John 14:6: "Jesus answered, 'I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.'"

    Jesus respondeu: — Eu sou o caminho, a verdade e a vida; ninguém pode chegar até o Pai a não ser por mim
    
    Romans 5:8: "But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us."

    Mas Deus nos mostrou o quanto nos ama: Cristo morreu por nós quando ainda vivíamos no pecado.
    
We must individually receive Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord; then we can know God personally and experience His love.
  
        John 1:12: "Yet to all who did receive him, to those who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God."
        
        Porém alguns creram nele e o receberam, e a estes ele deu o direito de se tornarem filhos de Deus. 
        
        Revelation 3:20: "Here I am! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and eat with that person, and they with me."
        
        Escutem! Eu estou à porta e bato. Se alguém ouvir a minha voz e abrir a porta, eu entrarei na sua casa, e nós jantaremos juntos.
